here we are finally in Space Marine
2 and is it not
cool honestly these Graphics are
insane I'm a bit bored of ultramarines
always ultramarines look at this
chaplain
these strange little familiars going
around I mean is this not the coolest
thing ever I'm going to be playing a
campaign here on the highest of
difficulties that's the
leftenant oh don't you love it wow look
how big you are compared to
these
surf holy
crap
jeez yeah that's ridiculous
I love how everything's so ridiculously
oversized in
40K a scale like none
other so we got to report to Captain
akaran a lot of Space Marines over
here and I died about seven times in the
the tutorial Mission so if you want to
watch some suffering some pain and
suffering as I play this solo on the
highest difficulty then yeah you're
probably in the right
place all right go sending a starty
support all right he's saying standby
major I'm going to send some a support
liutenant Titus reporting for
Duty have Sergeant Grio report to the
bridge
how are your
winds good
enough I'll be straight with you
Titus I have my reservations about your
reinstatement oh he's not a very happy
bunny is he there could be questions
suspicions I cannot afford Discord among
the men not
now you're a liutenant
now will that be a problem will that be
a problem lady no Captain
very
well we're facing a tyranid splinter
Fleet they engaged us on two planets
aarx a hive world and Kaku which you
already
know we're abandoning the latter it's
mostly adeptus mechanic's research
facilities we're evacuating critical
assets and
Personnel these defense guns are keeping
the skies clear for our ships the pids
have taken
note get down there and protect those
guns Captain you wish to see me Sergeant
this is liutenant Titus he'll be taking
over command of your squad sir I expect
you on the ground within 30 minutes
dismissed is that typical Imperial bro
here bureaucracy or or
what seemed fast that's so I'm saying it
seemed quick liutenant forgive my
hesitation I am merely surprised by this
development as am
I so utilize the bage map toate
locations and the barge brother Chiron
this is Lieutenant Titus he will be
leading our Squad is that so Kon well I
shall be glad to have a commander of
such
experience the rest the squad ready
already assembled on the flight deck
good we leave
immediately so what's all
this combat Squad damoc
CLE what the hell is this from the high
Fleet why is there a 10 maintain well
hopefully it tells
me hold on a sec edit
Squad oh it literally just means invite
players for online all right fine we're
not going to do that yet I'm sure
there'll
be some co-op campaign action in the
future but not right now we'll see how
easy it is on solo it might be too hard
without free player co-op to play this
solo on the highest difficulty we shall
see want to see how far we can get with
it I do like a challenge though I'm not
really a third person shooter
assment the cadians have lost control of
the orbital guns we are to recapture
them lost them already the tyranids are
hurling spores of those guns in great
ways I'm impressed the cadan held out
this
long brothers alarus and ellien make up
the rest of our Squad have any of you
faced tyranids before only the past two
days then there is much to learn I look
forward to it what do you think you're
doing ordinance
Deo those Warheads are not properly
secured do you know what happen if one
comes
loose I'll do it myself go and find a
tech B to T the SC that half brain the
effects of the virus bomb was so short
lived sergeant
Brothers we are joined by Lieutenant
Titus welcome brother we are yours to
command we leave immediately yes left
it let's do it B the
Thunderhawk it's a nice gun on the top
of that
thing revu with the Astra militarum the
Imperial withdrawal of assets and
Personnel from Kaku is at risk the AA
defense is keeping the skies clear under
heavy assault by tyranid forces Propel
the assault and ensure the defense is
hold until the withdrawal is
complete simple enough
yeah should be loading game logic I like
it I like it
sir you served in the Death
Watch yes
that must have been a great
honor it's a privilege to serve with you
approaching Drop
Zone let's
go they're right next to you mate we
don't need to
shout you see those service studs our
liutenant is over 200 years old
he couldn't have been born of
primaris you're
right and now he has your
command yeah it's interesting that the
primaris are so young for these badasses
but they're recently
born on your feet Soldier move to defend
our West flank and get those heavy was
resupplied good old God
eh here are the
Angels my
Lord major sarana a kadan regiment major
give me an update The Wretched beasts
have taken the orbital guns they pushed
us back to this encampment under staging
a heavy
assault l
take alius and Elion and remain here to
secure the encampment yes
brother major we must reach the defense
guns yes my Lord follow
me the situation here has deteriorated
those power Gargoyles pollutes the guys
the tyranids have the overal guns oh
this is so cool
these unrelenting attacks the graphics
are so good look how big we
are compared to the
I this is
awesome look at that
Chimera know the Chimera so big we more
incoming from the East move to reinforce
the Eastern flag you go with him we will
assist in the defense very good my
Lord here the astrom militarum don't
know they're
dead the numbers are endless we will see
about that I hope you're keeping score
brother yes I
am very
cool press Q to enter Fury mode which
increases your damage durability and
restores health with melee attacks what
that's my like special ability then here
they come slay those damn old beasts
that was not a good
start you going have to bear with me
guys I am uh not even using
controls my Lord intelligence reports
multiple swarms closing
in to them sending coordinates to your
all specs
display we'll get there though I'm
fresh my
Lord how can you hold the enemy in place
until it hits consider it
done God I'm pressing right button to
[__] ads
to
reload get
off leave not one of them standing
changing
magazine got
you watch each other's back
so you got to execute mother flashing
red they have clearly some move sets so
you know how to you have to dodge some
attacks before you really get an
opportunity
reloading going break
M up there went right into the
corner reloading weap
tets take my sight air strike
incoming the [__] burn you wretched
creatures what is going on with my
eyes a direct hit
major the a never
miss
okay everyone at this base calls you
their life my lords
prots we must proceed Through the Jungle
to reach the orbital defense guns
brother Lio assist the cadians while
they establish new defensive lines and
then report back yes liutenant they will
not take
long the orbital guns are on the other
side of the swamp be alert the tyranid
will be lying in
waight
ooh yes a chain sword this must be where
the Swarm
originated these abhorent husks are
everywhere living organic machines oh
yeah let's take a heavy B pistol I like
that their ships these pods all of it
their very existence is heresy we shall
thin their numbers today brother
B rifle with a grenade
launcher all right we've adjusted the
volume there a little bit so the in game
sounds are slightly louder so hopefully
this works out well we'll
see don't know how much Advantage there
is to
exploring we've already got a chains
sword the storm T Bo stunk beyond words
several of us drowned in its stagnant
pools scope of the tyranid infestation
still unknown last reading suggested
Kaku was near the threshold for
exterminatus if that be the case I would
not weep for this world it has already
claimed too
much r r do not stop moving
oh my
goodness oh
Dam just got absolutely wrecked time to
get up yikes
yeah he's fighting the warrior and then
there's a ravener being a
[__] that's not ideal is it not
really
up did I get it
God man I thought I was
dodging evidently
not well the AI saved my ass there [__]
me restart
oh wow ammo is quite scarce as well holy
[__] it's a
problem so it's good to do three
chops and then do an
AOE oh my God I'm getting stagered
oh
[__]
wow oh guys this is going to be tough
this is like Dark
Souls oh
[__] not good
not good so he fighting the ravener
yeah oh that was
weird don't think he reemerges till the
rest of the swamp comes does he no
oh the raveners are a pain man
is r a dead reload no
good grief
man kind of unrelentless holy
[__]
mental not good I'm near out of Health
a moment Brothers
wow the AI just cleaned that up
I expect better of the cens losing the
orbital guns was
costly P for a de but the enemy numbers
are not
insignificant Cadian e will have to do
better you're familiar with this F
brother I am how do the tanist compare
to other zenos they are an unrelenting
PL
but they are cunning the controlling
influence of their hive mind makes them
act as
one so it's just another heavy ball
pistol
okay brother I am pinned
here drad carefully the spores detonate
when threats draw near then let us take
the advantage and Destroy
them spawn
mines those things do crazy damage if
they do actually explode
May it's nice so it gives you a mix then
you're dealing with all the hmas on the
floor shooting sorry melling and then
you have to look up and shoot the spawn
mines so you got to cover both angles
clever clever game
design your comat are an orox left which
company did you serve for this one serve
the emperor elsewh the Death Watch yes I
hope I too will share that honor one
day if terance hit you enough they blind
you I see
yeah so if you get an opportunity to use
the execute you might as well because it
gives you that Shield your armor back I
suppose is the technical term in this
game let's see there any
Sims
reload I want
stems heal me
[Music]
restocking all right
whatever oh
hello this need to get through eliminate
them then proceed
whoa oh [__] me there's another
Raven changing magazine
nice caught it
there got one good Parry on it ravener
eliminated it's not really good enough
though
reloading yeah Raven is a problem
how are these Bots not took any health
lost yet seriously the most direct route
is through the swamp let us proceed no
the swamp will be infested with zenos
there is a bunker straddling the
riverbed we will cut through there but
that will add considerable time surely
we we will not trade strategy for
expediency as you command
leftenant Captain aaran has given us new
orders you must proceed
alone understood thank you Lio see you
on the
resilient
[Music]
hm stalk
rifle it's just going to be more damage
lower rate of fire isn't it
oh yeah
semi-auto
reloading oh we don't have the ammo for
it
whoops I uh forgot how swap
weapons how the hell do I S weapons this
way there they are the orbital
guns
one
jeez you guys are going to be very
impressed by the end of this when I
actually can play this damn game and not
get
wrecked I'm telling you you will you'll
be impressed
changing
magazine
Target holy [__] these things are
wrecking me from a
car reload
now I'm out of
ammo
yikes changing magazine
what where are you
going munition
secured
reloading they never
learn [__] hell that hit me from
miles away they are so long
range jeez man
what reloading weapon stop sir I can
hear
reinforcements what my boss doing no oh
God
yet oh this is hard they're fighting a
shitload of harmers I didn't
realize
try yeah if you outnumber the Warriors
then it's fine cuz you can hit them in
the
back that Ravena plus and multiple
Warriors that's yeah
tricky just want to get in here versus
these I assume these are death spits but
I'm not
sure look at how much health I've lost
again what the
[__] that's ridiculous restocking
rifle now we'll keep this stalker it's
fine
Angels we're
saved I'll be
damned
space we will prent resupplying you will
desert your post Gman got this no
Lord never we've locked them in we could
do no more open the
gates yes my Lord open GLE heavy ble
open the bloody
Gates heavy Bolter
what we opening this gate right here
another wave no this way we can't hold
them
yeah serve your Emperor
Soldier into position do not let them
surround
you what are they doing trying to get up
here
ready to deploy special
[Music]
tactics are you not the noring soldiers
why damn
you oh
[__] is
[__] hell
man my armor is open
the they never that's so hard to kill
jeez
man oh [__] hell they are lost the
hell just
happened oh that was
boogy yeah I died I got wrecked by a
death spitter of course it's weird I
felt like the AI were taking barely any
damage there but I was taking absolutely
LS like it
seemed do I have
Evol what's going
on oh my God ter against go
away oh back for like default
we [__] go away
dude what
on I pressed the wrong butt [__] I was
not ready for this default
Weaponry another one
need to
reload one on the gates are open
everybody inside now yes my Lord should
we not eliminate the remain of the sword
will always be more we must focus on
taking down the
height trying to heal but I'm just
losing so much other
stuffman get these Gates Clos my Lord
transmitting command
now I'm not relenting your attacks
oh to that makes them easier to kill you
have yet to we're wasting time proceed
to the
gates yeah this is
Relentless weird when you die like that
and you get to a checkpoint and it just
gives you
default sort of load out I hope I can
customize my default load out at a later
point but we'll
see we didn't die that much major
Sakana go ahead we met with one of your
squads thank you my Lord I shall give
them new
orders
proceed looks like a Slaughter no excuse
for cowardice
Jesus
man just imagine the
stench so we're back with this combat
knife yes Chaw please from the forge
there it is
tats are very annoying
I repeat awaiting orders to attack major
do you read this is liutenant Titus
identify yourself Captain Iden sir our
longrange comms were damaged in battle
they must be close hold fast Captain we
are coming
this will serve me
well Indeed heavy Bolter will always be
nice to
have well compared to a b pistol at
least facility is done be on those Gates
there must be a console that opens [__]
death spits I'm scared of
them
dude what a pain in the ass these things
are it's like they prioritize
me stop
another one oh my goodness these death
spitters are so annoying
clear out some of this mob
wa look at the damage he just
did need to
reload did like 90% of my damage
instantly what the [__]
reloading
weapon
got what
restocking reloading well I'm on a
Slither of
HP taking way too much damage from
ranged that's what I'm
noticing way too much from ranged
I wonder if those stems are less common
or more
common the emperor in this High
difficulty
con receiving we have made contact with
Captain Iden Iden I thought him lost we
are approaching his position now can you
punch me through working on
it I got plenty of grenades if nothing
else
all right what a wait us
oh hello there Captain
Iden established go ahead major well
Captain Iden I thought you a dead
man huh not today sir you're tougher
than Gro
hiide I'll take that as a compliment
Iden we need to take back those orbital
guns I've got armor ready to roam see it
done captain Oh this is where we roll
with the Leman rust look at the
beauty
[Music]
indeed oh this is so [__]
badass we've been waiting a long time
for this guys haven't we honor your
emperor look at the Space Marines
[__] giving inspiring rousing
speeches what a dare to be a gsman
app look at all these gargoyles
that curse engages in our way and let us
remove it patrols must be nearby
soldiers take
your I tell you what those turant are
really
annoying I don't getting man I'm losing
Lads of HP just in here like how can I
do any better there hes in the kill
Z get it is it the term against who were
doing that or
not [__] man
they never
learn W clear we
see special tactics
ready yeah last guns are popping a few
of those turun it's nice to
see I like to see
it I always like when you get little
chaff AI allies and they actually do
help to an extent
reloading get rid of those [__]
terminant man they drive me mad they are
so annoying look how hard they are to
kill they so cranky
individual H is AR too
bad that's a problem though
[Music]
reload who's even shooting me
man that was
[__] God damn the AI do not seem to lose
HP I really feel like they're not being
targeted at
all so I should probably adjust my game
play somehow to exploit that oh Vol car
let us get to
work new
the gate is
opening Squad move your raging backsides
through that gate now move to link up
with the cadians as you command
leftenant I'm going to say are we going
through this door or are we not it's not
letting
me waa this thing's fires fast holy [__]
changing
magazine F ter this I hit
him so it's uh what burst
fire can't seem to I cck once it's not B
fire it's just super rapid
so rapid that I'm attempting to fire a
single shot and it feels like
burst need to
reload grenade
out oh God didn't see that
guy coming
I'll
give
damn that down
all
right navigating through this facility
will take time a little redecorating
will speed things up my
Lord oh my God dead I think they are
aren't
they epic fail yeah they're all dead I
remember watching someone else do this
and oh my God we're not dead
there oh man I am getting
right
reloading what is that
z Oh Z it down while it lives the other
creatures are H to
kill reloading weapon
[Music]
[__] sake I don't think my weapon's too
good for
this
reload
grenade I mean I'm trying to take it
down not got very good tools have
there we go yes this is where you need a
sniper
really and Eliminator primaris to
actually kill that thing properly from
afar I tried
major we have retaken the facility
praise the emperor boarding a valkyrie
now heading to
you that's
it
clear get these guns online move
we'll punch a hole in those Hive ships
so big you can fly a frot through it it
won't let that happen without a fight
it's the hive mind the tyranid powerful
collective
intelligence not to be
underestimated major the guns are in a
zero state of charge it will take time
to wake the machine Spirit hurry the
tyranids will throw everything they have
have at this
facility this is Major Saro divert
second and third platoon to the orbital
guns immediately copy that sir let's
show these bastards what the a are made
of more men
needed I think he's a bit early for the
cheering go attct
this uh is this where we were well
certainly this was our checkpoint that
we've been given I'm on a new day I
played a little bit of operations mode
since and hopefully I'm slightly better
but honestly I feel like playing this in
the highest difficulty yeah I don't know
we're probably going to get wrecked
regardless let's continue shall We Major
we need to establish a
per my troops are in defensive positions
they're hold the enemy will try to scale
these walles do not let them I have no
plans
stands press what to use
it show us how angels all that
work all the war is breached
concentrate your fire no
hesitation I don't know how to use this
grenade launcher that's what I've
established
worlden that
yes so still not quite got it yet still
getting wrecked by these [__]
Warriors
the EMP
protect need to reload liutenant the
orbital guns are functional but the
targeting system is jumed it needs to be
reset manually understood Runners let us
make haste
L
supplies
okay
resupply rest L more of them grenades
thank you come on
what
that yeah sure
fine let's Saye but they stick to
enemies assist where possible but do not
linger the targeting system is our
priority yes my
Lord let's try this out then don't get
them [__] Su the wrong
one
Rel yeah the Parry doesn't like seem to
stagger them it's a bit weird
the my Lord this elevator will take you
up to the controls we'll keep the xenos
off your back Christ Almighty
yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes I love
the melter
gun that much I have established for
sure what else we
got not a whole lot it's
fine let's
assemble I love the melter guns because
they do pretty good armor pacing against
the Warriors yet they're also AE lucky
shot so it rips through H to manually
raise the Petals of the Satellite Dish
kills everything basically lots of
enemies Orly enemies kills them all maor
I see the mechanisms stand
by alert the tiits have taken notice
from you let them
come keep them off me while I get this
done all right yes this is where we got
to spin to
win and it takes ages as you can see
incoming
mines one
[Music]
now oh
[__] not paying attention
so how durable they are man
Bing
Stu I feel like when you get about
halfway through spinning this a lot of
them spawn oh like the spawn
mines yeah and these [__] too my AI
are doing a good job they did a good job
go for the next one
[Music]
fighting the guard over there well
they're a good destruction aren't they
one left
God
watch another one
dead changing magazine
yeah looks like they got the guard there
but that's fine they distracted the
Warriors for quite some time so was
quite helpful
actually oh get them off me
man we are done my Lord the ggers are
heading for the
Ana
destroy see that they face
ready to deploy special
tactics
reload
jeez running low
ammo I do have a stem so that's
good yeah the guard allies are pretty
leg sh it's nice what the
[__] Chiron are you
okay [__] are you
doing the hell was
that here come the winged verman protect
the anten
reload oh my
God going to need ammo
man I don't need stems any [__]
ammo munition
secured war gy is headed for the antenna
the en going for the eliminate
them F spawn over
reloading my God there's no ammo
restocking need to
reload the enemy have damaged the
antenna we must hold them back
got
you we must H them
backck changing magazine
oh man I thought I dodged
that special tactics
ready [__] hell every
angle my Lord the antenna has sustained
significant
damage what the heck
the emperor protects
reload oh man I thought I dodged that
again holy
crap the termers are causing me serious
trouble
here die
already stop
stay heavy damage out of ammo again [__]
me man he just canceled my little stun
thing reloading
weapon please some of these [__] aren
healing
oh he hit me through the wall the
cun damn guys this is so hard this is so
hard
solo I feel like I'm just getting
marauded from every angle it's uh really
quite terrifying I feel like the melter
gun didn't help too much
either I wish I knew how to use this
[__] grenade launcher thing
need to reload
yeah get rid of those
Tans
and more coils headed for the antenna
Target
this so this is where you get the spa
mines coming in you got to dodge all
them the enemy have damaged the
antenna the enemy are going for the
antenna eliminate
them changing
magazine [__] hell never any
ammo the enemy have damaged the
antenna ooh an ammo C Ash there you
go that's what I
needed reload
Zoom
inck the enemy have dag the
UPC they ever
need to
reload
stabilizing we must
the we're going to lose
dat my Lord the antenna has sustained
significant
damage SA
reloading
weapon my Lord the has sustained
significant damage absolutely wrecking
me reloading
[__] they destroyed the
antenna
man God that's
hard I don't even know where my Allied
Marines
went so do they all go in here
so that's quite good at first
range theing mag
more gargoyles headed for the
antenna come
on sometimes have to hit this
thing take out those m
the enemy have damaged the
antenna the enemy are going for the
antenna eliminate
them where was the ammo
cash reload
ammunition
compl the enemy have damaged the
antenna the enemy have damaged the
antenna
grenade
reload
fing tried to use my heal trying to get
to D most of them are off that so got
time there just too many
warriors the
life my Lord the antenna has sustained
significant damage
P me hit me
then my Lord the antenna has sustained
significant
damage I'm trying to dodge it it just
doesn't work now I'm getting chain
[__] hit by
him what is even even attack me relo my
armor is nothing's attacking it right
now is
it
run oh man he's down yeah they were just
on be we
need [__] hell this is really
hard this is really tough
we'll get there we'll get
there there's an ammo crh right in front
of
me so I don't know why I keep running
out of
ammo yeah pick them
up we need the frags for sure
guard coils headed for the
antenna so we reload the melter gun here
then we s for the pistol to the other
the spawn mines
kind
of incoming
M another one
dead the enemy have damaged the
antenna the enemy are going for the
antenna eliminate them
grenade to start I
guess the enemy have damaged the antenna
[__] B Bo got
me come
on bom
Stu [__] hell no ammo
the enemy have damaged the
antenna we must hold them
back
get got you
we must CAU them
back no I'm dealing with that right now
let's clear out the rest of the ship
first
they
never need to reload
reload need a better gun
man
resupplying a fine gift from the
PO reloading
Now you kind of get Pro to itad
finally God this so
annoying changing
magazine War gear Prim
destroy have We Done Yet come on
recovering the guns are ready use the
terminal to begin
targeting that was pretty yikes those
zone frops are incredibly difficult to
kill when you don't have a dedicated
sniper to deal with them
the melter rifle is awesome but yeah
then Zone probes appear and it's like
wao not very helpful
well I guess I did it that
was pretty tough for the first proper
Mission I'm glad that the higher
difficulties are actually proving a
challenge same with the operations the
operations is nice it's just reminding
me of vermin tide and dark
tide really got to grind your way up get
the best kit get the best perk set
up and work on it until you get to the
high difficulties you can't just step in
and win on the higher
difficulties so let's see what's next
then
leftenant Captain akaran has new orders
for you very well where is OT the enemy
tried to smother us we got separated by
the time we had slain the attackers
Ellen was dead something put a hole
clean through his helmet I should have
been with you I only wish he had lived
to see that Hive ship burn
I fought beside Ellen for two decades he
could not have been defeated by horigans
there are creatures more deadly than
oron down there I just going to say he
should not have let our Squad be divided
he is gone Sergeant Dy is I do not
forget my brothers so
quickly oh
goel there'll be more Brothers we need
one of them how cool does that look good
hun brother the dreads
but why only some SEC these orders reach
down from the prim there can be no
question as to their in so you doing
lightering do you want to come in mate
hop over it's only thir of the of
Lord did you fight with him on vigilus
I've read through those battle reports
more than a 100 times a master for
defense my Dy reading you have an
unusual service record that is my good
fortune I want a scout recon at that
position
Captain get over
here Captain I have the mechanicus on
Vox they can wait the
mechanicus this is noic beta 12 a
mechanicus arch magos he should have
been aboard this ship an hour ago but he
refuses to leave Kaku without some data
from his noic beta
12 Imperial Guard base his facility is
here the enemy is closing in that base
will be overrun
eminently noic is a high value Asset get
that data and get them
out get him Mining
facility if we rupture the staging tanks
direct the flow into the valley we can
ignite the fields around the
base boil them in promethium
I'll get you command staging tanks three
men that's all I can spare brief them
immediately
let fre Space Marines and a lot of
boiling pids stator we are a I was just
going to say yeah that's our job Delio
make ready to depart uh standing by
rescuing and a silly little Tech pre and
his da
oh well what you've got to do for the
emperor eh it's just what needs to be
done sometimes well well Lieutenant
Titus we are told you have need of us
brother oh is this where you get their
classes must recover data from a
mechanic's research facility in classes
for the campaign I don't know a large
enemy swarm threatens to overrun both
that facility and an Imperial Guard base
to its East you will sabotage a prome
refiner this is interesting they just
said Imperial Guard not astrom military
liant let us burn switching seamlessly
to and fr just like myself you
understand brother scalo wishes to see
you in the Armory yes
Armory let us go to the Armory if you
have not been issued a p blaster for
this task then get one from the Armory
immediately you requested my presence oh
that's him how are you AC
I have no complaints
intriguing predictions would determine
A9 probability that you would I have
pressing duties magos very well Engage
The Armory terminal I will see that you
are suitably equipped a your
mission sweet so you can customize the
campaign and the armoring station will
handle the outfitting procedure though
much has changed since we last met all
this will remain familiar to you the
omnis blessed us with clear sightedness
from the beginning we offer blessings to
this machine it may serve you just as it
serves
[Music]
him I like my melter gun I really
do the problem is that I'm not playing
in in a team
[Music]
so the
downside is I don't have anyone to deal
at long
range deal with like the zone thrs and
stuff so I think we'll swap out the Bol
pistol I'm just looking at range here
and Plasma Pistol actually is the
highest I've never used a Plasma
Pistol let's give this a
go it's got the highest range oh what we
didn't
swap oh I have to press space
right so you got melter Plasma Pistol
and then oh
wow oh
wow okay
okay okay I like the combat knife I've
been playing with Vanguard a lot on the
PVE and the combat knife's really good
for solo the nids
[Music]
the War gear selection seems incomplete
this Armory is
comprehensive but available options are
those recommended for the current
Mission very well my thanks magos G will
suffice we know each other well enough
for
that
okay so we're good
yes Lord C was called so
soon the first join us brother Titus oh
the CH again leave un Mission ofal
importance the battlefield belone leaves
no room for the slightest error of
judgment I'm of clear mind and purpose
May the directives of our beloved
Primark guide your every action I shall
follow your progress closely I don't
really understand the law of the chapain
CH but for now duty
calls they're very weird aren't
they
oh wait what requires the combined
efforts of two squads a separate combat
Squad of Space Marines will provide
Titus with a
diversion oh and their diversion
is the operations game mode in Inferno
which I haven't played yet oh that's
really
cool oh
[__] it's like a separate thing proceed
with The Inferno Mission via the battle
map wait
what yeah under operations oh
cool right
[Music]
wow
wow awesome
see I've not unlocked these other ones
yet but no we'll you know we'll stick
with the campaign for
now can do those operation missions
later that's cool though it ties them
operation missions in yeah
sweet it's nice game design really
skip
that so Arc MOS noic beta 12 a senior
member of the adeptus mechanicus must be
evacuated from Kaku however he refuses
to leave without data from his research
facility very admech retrieve the data
and evacuate before tyranids overrun the
position prettyy simple reach the admit
facility and get the
data God they love their data where is
this noic beta 12 watch M us for the
last time we must get
you equals in all ignorance we'll be
overrun in
minutes cease interruptions
maor ah aaran finally sends me what I
asked for Arch MOS it is imperative you
evacuate immediately de we not leave
without the data we'll get to my
facility I will instruct over vax make
ready to leave this will not take long
major I have a second unit working on a
theoretical that should buy you some
time my Lord I've lost three squads
trying to reach that L we think
something's out
there something's out there the emperor
protects where we get our first boss
fight I think this operation the the
sort of ending of the
time we will VX when we have an
update see that you
do we will never get this planet stench
out of our armor compared to your usual
Aura it is an improve Jesus Kiron that's
a deep insult
can't smell that bad can it
surely well let's get to it shall we and
this why I like a
melter God it's nice
is it really does melt them are running
out of time how close are you to the
promethium
facility we're making good time to Mo it
what was that we are being
hunted this a
Lector for the first
time Lor are
terrifying
Septimus damn it this is the work of
elector yeah Sergeant gadriel to
resilient two of our brothers have
fallen in battle send an
apothecary received we shall honor them
brother
Sergeant crack grenade yes please stick
that bad boy on the
lior let's try this
thing so
overheats fire is pretty rapid when you
don't charge it that's for sure oh
[__] let's try and see if that sticks
oh wow yeah just instantly got the
execute range very
nice take my
sight you get hit off by terance and
they'll do this where they blind
you I didn't realize I was getting hit
that much by tance but I guess I was
have to reload I still
am we
Supply what not B is it
it for a sidearm it's pretty
good not bad
that opening offers a shortcut then we
shall take
it a nightmare this planet really isn't
it swampy
mess where's the lior though
restocking this place wi of
death the attack
coming Sor that kind of [__] this fr's
inefficiency is
unacceptable
reentering sech data at risk
how dare he address
you
got
[Music]
reload [__] man
man kick their ass there didn't we
jeez Lo need
fresh mition
secur they never learn
need to reload
resupplying loading up
my ability saved me there from not
taking a lot of
damage reload
restocking where are we
going I feel like we probably want to be
up top don't we
yeah we fought our way through here I
don't know why my allies just jumped
down like that that was kind of weird
munition
secured but okay that's what they wanted
to
do wait what oh yeah this is a new area
[__] hell it's a bit of a
maze we'll keep the crack I've got the
melter so I'm not too scared about spams
of hormas and stuff
snipers watch your
[Music]
s everywh
waa
resupplying sing
[__] you do run out of ammo on your
Plasma Pistol quite quick when you're
overcharging it that's for
sure munition secured
turn against
man
magazine nice
stems nice little loading screen there
nice I am his until death gives me a
free revive there if I ever need
it we can cut through this bunker heavy
vter Gather By the entrance let's grab
it come on boys
Small Arms fire it sounds
[Music]
close
assist [__]
destroyed do not
stop you bastard
get off me man [__] raveners are pain
especially when you got a [__] heavy
B
usingen ready to deploy special
attacks too
slow moment Brothers
well that goes my
heal
Resto and all the
go [__] hell man
taking
magazine my armor
is reloading
toxin are failed my
senses
man only just survived that one less
radians did themselves proud they died
honorably come our own duty is not yet
done
stabilizing
vitals which way
this way clearly just conscious of
Collectibles as well
recovery it is
here my what
EV something is
off watch your backs
[Music]
grabbing
equipment this is it weapons Ready Come
and T death vermin
yikes oh is this like a boss
fight it's just a lior I've killed a lot
of them in operations mode maybe it's a
special lictor
here we
go it is a sub boss fight
no
reload oh
[__] D it I'm let
him
reloading watch
your this is a [__] Dark Souls BS
we
stocking stoping magazines
my armor is
open come on head me
up they are not rid of you
yet [__] man
see
tricks Jesus
Christ now this Warrior is coming
[Music]
too Ching mag
almost there [__] give me strength on
your brother I tried
tried yeah Reviving me while there's
elixir on your ass is probably not smart
there is more fighting you I know
it but he's fighting [__] Warriors
got
him throwing grenade
is
impressive well C my reload major s you
were correct there was a lictor out here
I suspect you have already dealt with it
indeed it will not trouble you again
very good my Lord
munition secur yeah how do you deal with
that as a guard a Guardsman like is
aable a welcome
challenge for the left tenant not with
us I fear we would have joined cordonis
and Septimus perhaps they faced more
than one no lior's hunt
alone tus just shut them down there the
facility is in ruin let us hope no's
search remains intact Arch magos we have
arrived must move to the lower levels
the lifs are F
BR this
stranglers Venom
ruds are you kidding me how is he
not to execute yet jeez
Aros the entrance is in
operative stand
by by
there ins enemy
presence I'm not happy with how little
health I have right
now there's got to be something down
here right surely
Sur [__] lots of rppers I hear them all
around Med for shots how many RS do you
have this is only
enough verify signature is
dep that sounded like the [__]
for
[Music]
inos state
with insults I engage in pure
analysis locate Primary transmitter
coordinates
inbound I have had more pleasant
conversations with
ORS oh
Kon k runs a a salty
one so what
now what is the situation please
enlighten me
I do like the for care immersion here
look even just that right there in the
bottom right loading game
logic we have arrived at no's facility
run distraction efforts as long as you
can I will fight in the thck of this
zenos as long as you need I will hold
you to that
brother they got inside his armor he
deserved better this P Blaster will
serve as well against
rippers gadri resilient oh brother
desius has
fallen received location mark for
Apothecary our brother's sacrifice will
be
remembered a flammer pirate Blaster I
mean rippers here they
come what what what
what keep them back with the Fire
Blaster while we
their holy [__]
munition
secured loading
ammunition grabbing
equipment nice
stems we need the though I can heal my
ability that's the cool thing about
Titus oh my God thousands thousands that
door looks like our exit clear a path
through those vermin
boom
power
out ex inoperative solution rest all
power we need
instructions power system controls at
your current
location oh this is ridiculous
restocking power up sequence initiation
SEC FL fors detected and divine nutes
exercising
paring
it bastard do not get too
close
to oh the [__]
said
weu is
rest move to the door these fir D us
shall punish their boldness
the Rippers they Retreat it's oriented
by the synaptic shop the floor is clear
let's
go I'm about over here then can we get
up here oh we can't we can't jump can
you fair enough
absolute
Madness I mean these devs are definitely
showing their engine capabilities aren't
they with the amount of enemies that
just
appear [__] that
nice
STS don't know if I'm going to need more
of this P
Blaster I'm guessing a p Blaster is just
a primaris busy with um gather
biomass humans dissolved and collected
later my feeding teams lower from orbit
oh probably should have used my frag
grenade
here yeah I let those Huns do way too
much damage to me
though if it were multiplayer though you
would have had someone like a going in
first and tank and then the flame would
have hit in the back oh my
God [__] ter against
the [__] was that
explosion holy [__] that killed me
SEC does it at least stag
it doesn't seem to
another one
dead yeah I don't know I'm not really a
fan of this P Blaster it's very awkward
to use you're very slow with it oh God
let's get rid of it let us get to
work
reload ready to deploy special
tals the [__] spawn L's behind me now
Jesus
man what this is a dead end yo come on
now we getting a little bit fruity
they never
learn man there goes all my
ammo St
magazines am I going back I'm going back
I don't know right now [__] sake so I
needed to go where that death spit was I
thought he was behind me
I'm getting
lost getting quite lost guys so
this wait what right yeah we went
forward I don't need to go forward I
need to go this
way Kon what is our heading we need to
cross this
room insightful
guys shoot the spawn mines holy
crap AI are just standing there watching
me rolling around getting
wrecked changing magazine
oh man look at my health this is
ridiculous there a p Blaster make good
use of it more scaring F oh for God's
sake oh I don't have the P Blaster oh
there it
is yeah that'll be all right without
crack stay back
brother yeah you see I couldn't Dodge
there cuz I was ads it's quite annoying
get out of the B play
[__]
grenade oh my
goodness oh [__] did I just get killed
by Rippers down damn I didn't realize
they were like they could attack like
that your ra and stand for
the BL
PR I still [__] hell
man now this's is a zone
for need amunition
oh dude they're doing damage over
time the little
riers oh my goodness that is not good
holy crap how do you deal with
that yeah again feels like if you
had multiple players that' be easier one
of you could just stay back sort of
thing and push the Rippers back with
this P
Blaster with the AI that seems is a bit
difficult dead end but the ass SS wo
whoo whoa W wao what the
heck W they killed me so fast
hey what happens you don't P for for too
long a period of time and and that's it
like you just get
wreck they just get you get
it right for
out maintain distance
myor oh my God the rers dude your duty
is not
yet oh these rippers are so annoying who
would have thought rippers are the most
problematic of all things
what pain in the
ass all right let's try this again so I
have to
actively flame these
[__] once we've sort of cleared the
area then we'll go back and get that
Medicare all right watch that and Flame
the
guns
reloading oh my God so much B
Strangler now I can't even move get off
me you [__] oh dude this is
ridiculous
[__] Zone prop hting Me B stranglers
rippers pmer jumping on my
ass clearing the
way a the emperor is
us you look worse
ammunition we
supplying
restocking give me the ammo oh it
doesn't for the power
[Music]
blaster my weapon is
now there's more enemies are you [__]
kidding
me going
watch guys you need to attack the zom C
what you doing
you
go my armor
is what the heck was
that I don't know what the AI are doing
man you need a [__] sniper to just
take out the Zone FR up it's
ridiculous I'm getting shot by like
Venom brood ate by Rippers and trying to
dodge them throw up attacks it's a bit
silly yeah it seems if you don't take
the power blaster you're just going to
get devoured by the Rippers and they
really do RIP you up once they start
hitting
reload the way
deoy PR
grenade B
[Music]
stuck munition secured
oh man that's so hard to dodge that
[__] you leave me
alone where R thing
go [__]
mother
[Music]
the
no he Supply
guys why are you actually attacking
right
now I think they got
it
reloading
[__] that did they it they did thank
[__] oh my God that's hard this is
Decimus wish you could see these dead
now we run around and grab
theark we have set a mighty P this
day Cate bio signs down 90% and falling
swarm Annihilation
confirmed excellent work move to
extract nice
holy crap
man a fine gift from the
forge I'm just seeking out HP right
now loading up yeah we'll take the
grenades it's all
good jeez that was rough
yeah you definitely want to do that one
on free play co-op so someone can focus
on just the flame of Duties and then you
actually have someone who's going to
focus the damn zone for EMP my AI were
not very good at that they took
ages and then it focused me as well
while they're messing around so I'm
dodging the Rippers and I'm dodging the
Zone bro which is kind of tough
medic
kit stalker Bol rifle let's take
it not a lot of ammo on this bad boy
jeez oh I just killed that
Forman right
get
we get away
homas get a
p
reloading nice with this we shall defy
death's cross who may need
this that was a weird little interlude
in the action literally killed about
eight hogon and one Venom uh Cannon body
and that was
it strange
inceptor armor with jump packs it has
been some time since I brought death
from above the day is not yet done
brother oh are we going to get that
that'll be cool cuz yeah we haven't got
any of the the different class abilities
yet it's kind of
weird the different class of Village you
get in operations Aros we have reached
the transmitter
analysis efficiency level below
expectation [__] sake not more rippers
here we
go transmit at zero state of charge I
hate these things move to
generators I can make the repairs myself
fire the work system is in your honor
will that interfere with
operation negative and keep close
proximity to the to
I
work connectivity R little [__] Aros
begin your
Work
Connection what are they shooting
at incoming oh God God God God holy
[__] this is the problem right I'm
trying to control these Rippers and the
[__] hormas are all on my ass
get
off grenade
out special tactics
Ro
grenade is still broken the
connection generator equal to for stage
charge
vate objective to subsequent
generator how [__] that hit me man I was
at the side of
him rep
them I am in your death
W this is so
far
guys why the r is flame what's going on
[__] are weathering new
s reloading weapon
Theos
proceed connecting to
systs emphasize
maintain
translation in other words do not lose
not fa I still
you f man
they never Le
[__] who what was
that [__] Zone blast hit me through
the
thing go away Z broke now rppers are on
me [__]
so give me strength this is crazy like
there so much she can do
as simplify return to check instructions
with do not translate from
generator oh
God oh my God I still got hit by that
zone
my armor is
over Bri extension
initiated activate control room conso to
commence transmission
powerful all I can think is that this
would be a lot easier if you're playing
Coop
secur this is rough
man I'm sure you guys are enjoying the
suffering one M Brothers God every time
I find a med kit I just need to use it
instantly grabbing
equipment pretty sure they reduce the
amount that the stim pack medkits heal
on the higher difficulty
let's get this data transmitted and get
the [__] out of
here analysis transmission active data
incoming at
last research arat us
Deni
classified believe such matters
in report transmission
complete your assistance is no longer
required major sarana please escort noik
to the Thunderhawk and get him off
world yes my Lord with pleasure I shall
be glad to be rid of these trivial
duties
as I will be glad to Cease the flapping
of this repugnant flesh
voice time to go right elev go to the
rooftop let's do it let's go let's get
out of here this is
madness I want outow I'm done I am
done those rippers were a nightmare
absolute fraking
nightmare I'm not a fan
yes a magas confirm receipt of data
stream this is Lia transmission received
no is on the Thunderhawk standing by get
him out of here yes
sir major sarder what's your status
we've lost a lot of men a lot of HS but
we're still in the fight we're coming to
you
now do it will they hit Lio do you read
me I knew that was going to happen
[__] knew it major did you see what
happened no idea we saw no impact that
is territory claimed by the Swarms we
need to reach him fast there was an
armoring chamber Bel
jump the godsman with respect my Lord
we're cians we can take care of
ourselves
nice that was just so obvious that the
Thunderhawk when it was dramatically
flying off was going to get hit and wck
will swarm the crite if NOS is I hope we
get to do an escort Mission with quick
work of the Tyran I hope they survived
do not admit such a
thought too many of us have fallen today
yeah I hope he's badass in combat that'
be cool I love the ad I love them so
yeah you get a jump back
now ah and it's Q here because we've
still got our oh no yeah Q to replace
our old ability interesting engag so how
does this work you just jump up oh and
then I press Q again to land where I
want I
guess no maybe right click to land where
I want to land
land wow that's a short cool down isn't
it jumpack engage right
click ah that doesn't really work out
how I wanted
what jump right click oh you have to
hold it down right you hold it down and
that way there's a bit more counterplay
because you lock in where you're going
to land for a short period of time like
that boom and the enemy can dodge before
you actually land and do you big AE
makes sense yeah just not just
completely broken overpowered but you
also can jump up like this and then no
oh no hang on hang
on can all cancel your
flight no you can't I don't know
whatever it's a jump pack at the end of
the day it's not a jetp pack you're not
flying you
jumping it's a sharp burst of energy but
anyway I'm going to leave it there for
now I am kind of exhausted ooh hold on
hold on press L shift
ah to
hover and then it runs out cool all
right yeah mechanics
mechanics very nice jump up H hover
hover hover
hover you can still do that even when
you're in the red let still do the
ground
pound oh gosh yeah we we're making
progress
but there are yeah just another couple
of trillion tanist kills
still that's going to be all from your
boy top this time I am signing out see
you on the next episode
[Music]